the prime minister have order an investigation " but have say that ms. be safe in her job . israel have recently step up air strike and artillery shell against militant target in northern gaza " in response to ongoing rocket fire from gaza militant target southern israel . a foreign office spokesman tell reporter that the process of their release have already be initiate and they will be release soon . he die slump against oncin , who subsequently lose interest in tennis . he do not say if egypt would go so far as to break relation , a step it have be reluctant to take , because it would affect ordinary sudanese . 
voa 's melinda smith have detail of a new study show that at least " 6 child in the u.s. be hurt every year in diving accident . but u.s. military official could not confirm the incident . but the military junta refuse to recognize the ballot " which be widely see as free and fair . robert stein enter his plea in u.s. district court in washington thursday . japan 's foreign ministry say tuesday the loan will be use to help the port of and repair a thermal power plant near baghdad . 
rebel source in mexico say a female leader of the zapatista rebel movement have die . 1 0 1 0 1 1 1 nac breda 1 ( 20th penalty ) nec nijmegen 1 ( 36th ) . this restructure pave the way for an economic recovery - real growth for 2006 reach a two - decade high - and help to reduce the debt burden " which remain at about 85 % of gdp . the cut - off come as washington continue to pressure iran to stop enrich uranium as part of its nuclear program . 
the bush administration say terrorist suspect be hold in guantanamo bay " cuba " have no constitutional right to challenge their detention in u.s. civilian court . the armed basque separatist group " eta " say it be willing to take part in peace talk with the spanish government . somali president abdullahi ahmed will now have to appoint another prime minister . 0 ( 2 - 0 ) the 15-member u.n. body currently have five permanent member - a status that include veto power for the united state " britain " france " russia and china . 
the election be widely judge to be free and fair . m. maynard b wasim akram 41 -docstart- official have blame taleban rebel for a series of attack on educational facility " include fire at a dozen school and the kill of several teacher . at the time " russian president vladimir putin visit the hospital to confer a medal honor for his extraordinary achievement in music . 
under the agreement " japan and the united state will exchange information on research " deployment and operation of a missile shield . the exhibition pull together 76 piece of diamond jewelry wear by the rich and famous " royalty and hollywood star . producer john say the digital production herald a new wave of three - . jewish leader note that this be the first time that 's tiny jewish community take on a major restoration project without any donation from abroad . the military say the soldier be kill late friday during security operation in anbar . 
england be see in widely publicize photograph hold a leash attach to a naked detainee at abu ghraib and " in another photo " smile and point at a prisoner 's . president karimov be face harsh international criticism over the incident " which he blame on muslim extremist . the official news agency xinhua report that party official launch the training program thursday with a hostage rescue demonstration at beijing 's people 's police college . chevron say it stand behind its merger agreement with unocal " which have be approve by the federal trade commission . perth , australia 1996 - 08 - 27 
meanwhile " at least 10 iraqis have be kill in attack thursday . joseph and work on construction and engineering project in iraq . in early 2007 " india and bhutan renegotiate their treaty to allow bhutan great autonomy in conduct its foreign policy " although continue to coordinate policy decision in this area with new delhi . " after i be tell they be dye , i check them over again . the military say and sergeant milton ortiz be charge with of justice for allegedly conspire with another soldier who have be accuse of place an near the body of the wound man . 
louisiana state and local official be also investigate the levee failure . authority say tuesday that about " 2 by - artist and architect be miss from the state archive of literature and art . " more generally , the long - term effect of fiscal consolidation be clearly positive , with high save tend to promote economic growth by raise investment and lower long - term real interest rate , " the rba say . it be not clear if the man be armed . but at 36 it would be ask too much of paul , " he say . 
britain 's foreign office say it be investigate report that at least two british citizen be among the dead from monday 's shoot . ambassador ali tell there be only one diplomat among the 199 passenger and crew on the sudan airway airbus . one of the big dispute be israel 's continue settlement activity in territory that palestinians claim for a future state . secondhand smoke be also blame for 430 infant death annually in the united state . anti - syrian opposition leader say mr. karami 's inability to form a new government be really a delay tactic to try to derail the election " which can not be hold until a new government if form . 
he also say shareholder approve the issue of 2.6 million new share , two million of which be earmark for large investor and 600,000 for retail domestic investor . the official say new party president takemura , finance minister until the begin of this year , promise his resignation in a meet with the politician who set off the rebellion in the small coalition member . a white house spokesman tuesday say the president 's meet with mr. focus on a wide range of issue " but he do not give detail . but " as voa correspondent gary thomas report " the central intelligence agency employ an executive who run a very exclusive restaurant where only those with proper security clearance can enjoy the fine dining . katrina be briefly downgrade to a tropical storm as it cross land " but it have turn into a strong hurricane while move over the warm gulf water . 
-docstart- the first be aim at a home in the jabalya refugee camp " and the second hit a house in the beit hanoun district of northern gaza . saint vincent and the " nicaragua and guatemala be among the nation on his . russia be warn it will take step if any country deploy weapon in space . venezuelan president hugo chavez say his government be take over several metal company . 
the u.s. military say five american troop die in iraq thursday " include four kill in a roadside bombing . it be expect to pass easily in the upper house . president bush have say he will veto any legislation block or delay the deal . dozen of soldier and police guard the courthouse on the southern island of " as the verdict be read to six of the convict man wednesday . portugal 's new coach jorge call up six player from league champion porto on friday in an 18-man squad for the open world cup qualifier against armenia on august 31 . 
the organization for security and cooperation in europe say its secretary general " jan kubis " will make his third such visit to ukraine in a week " begin friday . an ariane rocket have lift off from " french guiana " carry seven satellite " include at least one that be to gather intelligence for france 's military . the cia say any attack would probably be on a small scale " use improvised delivery device and easily or substance . that would be the first case outside sichuan province " where the outbreak begin . u.n. emergency relief coordinator jan egeland praise the ugandan government wednesday for its renew effort to seek dialogue . 
one day it occur to him to stop say that his paper be pure and and " and make it so . ( marseille ) , robert pire ( metz ) , henry ( monaco ) economic official from the group of 20 industrialize nation be meet in london friday and saturday to discuss this and other issue ahead of the g-20 summit in the united state later this month . afp say razuri have just finish cover a story and have return to the agency 's office in gaza . official say the victim be a resident of western jakarta who have a history of contact with sick poultry . 
earlier " spokesman joaquin - say the pope receive vatican official in his apartment and ask for to be read . the spokesman say president bush will recognize rwanda 's contribution to stability in the great lak region and its peacekeeping contribution to sudan . reuters have not verify these story and do not vouch for their accuracy . a pakistani investigation last year conclude that taliban militant be likely responsible for ms. bhutto 's death in december 2007 . prosecutor issue a warrant for savic 's arrest on suspicion of war crime against muslim civilian in the visegrad area in 1992 " as ethnic serb force kill or expel most of the muslims and croat from eastern bosnia . 
the second study by french researcher also find that the early " aggressive treatment of mini - stroke bring similar benefit . u.s. defense secretary donald rumsfeld say the allege action do not represent the overwhelmingly positive behavior of the u.s. military " add he want the u.s. military in afghanistan to accelerate its own investigation . buffett raise property capital stake . the state of health of boris yeltsin , who have two heart attack last year , have be the centre of medium and market speculation after he win a second term in office in the july 3 election run - off and all but disappear from the public eye . police have be hunt him and azahari since the 2002 bali bombing that kill 202 people . 
some african head of state plan to push for a united continent during an african union summit that begin sunday in the ghanaian capital of accra . the military say abu ahmed be the deputy of abu talha " commander of a zarqawi terrorist group in the northern city of mosul . ( switzerland ) 0 -docstart- the conference come amid increase awareness of the difference over how muslims and non - muslims in europe view islam 's place in their society . 
he say elder in the area be involve in negotiate for their release . jones ( u.s. ) beat amy frazier ( u.s. ) 7 - 6 ( 7 - 3 ) 6 - 2 venezuela say some of the officer have be detain and other have leave the country . dominguez be on trial for smuggling five baseball player from cuba to florida in 2004 . european union commission president jose manuel barroso be expect in moscow thursday to prepare for next month 's summit between russian president vladimir putin and eu leader . 
" if they be say at least 20 percent , then their internal forecast be probably say 25 or 30 percent , " say one sydney medium analyst who decline to be name . in a speech last week " cuban president fidel castro indicate pay increase may be need to battle corruption . but the union leader plan to meet later wednesday to discuss their next course of action . but mr. mbeki tell south african radio sunday he see no reason why haiti 's newly - elect president rene preval would oppose mr. aristide return home . talabani have agree to take part in talk in london on reach a comprehensive settlement for the puk - kdp conflict , the puk statement say . 
the 30-share dax index in frankfurt close up at . the statement also say troop have confiscate hundred of mortar " explosive and gun . official say there be no other casualty . ms. predict that her brother " who also win a parliamentary seat " will return to kyrgyzstan soon . mr. powell meet friday with dutch foreign minister bernard bot . 
serve as moldova 's president until he resign in september 2009 " follow the opposition 's gain of a narrow majority in july parliamentary election and the communist party 's ( ) subsequent inability to attract the three - fifth of parliamentary vote require to elect a president . estonian president arnold ruutel have formally approve the country 's new government " three week after the previous rule coalition collapse . mr. erdogan also challenge his political rival to make a similar pledge . the spokesman say kujundzic be arrest on the order of the country 's central prosecutor 's office and be be hold in a court detention facility in sarajevo . u.s. federal prosecutor be conduct a criminal investigation into the levee failure that lead to widespread flood in new orleans after hurricane katrina . 
mr. karimov arrive in beijing wednesday " a day after china voice support for his regime 's bloody crackdown on anti - government protester . u.s. and iraqi force have be operate in the euphrate river valley to stem the flow of insurgent and supply from across the border " ahead of next month 's parliamentary election . the military spokesman say allegedly take out his weapon and begin shoot at the other soldier . mr. mottaki " who arrive in pakistan wednesday for a two - day visit " say he and mr. kasuri also discuss expand economic cooperation and a propose gas pipeline project . the statement say freedom of speech and assembly be universal right that all government should recognize and defend . 
in a speech in parliament on tuesday , challenge the maoist communist to " win the people 's confidence " and win election to parliament . claim iran block persian broadcast by the voice of america and the bbc after june of last year " when a dispute presidential election in iran spark mass anti - government protest . the united state and eight other western country boycott the conference over fear that it would become a forum for anti - . bob ( 5 - 1 ) , acquire from the new york yankees on friday , earn the win in his milwaukee debut despite allow the tie run in the eighth inn . official say the ravi and river , which both flow through punjab , be in high flood and emergency service back by troop be on full alert . 
5 . federico colonna ( italy ) mapei indian authority say the bombing be in retaliation for the destruction of a 16th century mosque " in the northern city of " by a hindu mob a year earlier . there be no casualty report among the nato and afghan troop . the rule coalition and opposition lawmaker be divide on several issue " include how to amend the constitution to enable army chief general michel suleiman to be elect . citgo say the fund will be direct to appropriate relief organization in the affect area . 
there be also concern the storm have the potential to damage a rice crop " although the country 's agriculture ministry spokesman " al - " be deny report official have ask farmer to rush harvesting the rice . forensic expert in indonesia now say that three of four victim of saturday 's bomb blast in bali be australian national . meanwhile " president bush praise iraqis for turn out in large number to vote in saturday 's constitutional referendum " despite the threat of insurgent violence . hezbollah and other lebanese faction have allege that israeli spy be throughout lebanon 's telecommunication sector . the israeli force be search for explosive along the border " after discover four bomb there monday . 
" they ' ve get a very sound domestic business which be do very well , we remain positive on the stock , " say roe . " an official of another newspaper " tell voa 's persian service he be tell by a staffer aboard the plane that passenger be wait on a runway for a replacement pilot . he say letter be send to the hamas lawmaker give them 30 day to resign or risk be expel . while on her asia tour " ms. rice say the european government would be act if they sell weapon to china that may be use against u.s. force in the pacific . pakistani official say unknown gunman have open fire on a bus carry the sri lankan cricket team " kill at least five police officer and wound six sri lankan player . 
turkish cypriot vote last year in favor of a u.n. reunification plan " but greek cypriot reject it . when they return " the officer tell us the performance be cancel . the policeman take the report call the phone and tell the guy that answer that he have read the ad in the newspaper and want to buy the car . hop for a longer engagement on the cement at flush meadows be the sixth - seed huber of germany and 12th seed maleeva of bulgaria . the impasse have delay formation of the new government . 
all of the follow us pacific island territory except midway atoll constitute the pacific remote island national wildlife refuge ( nwr ) complex and as such be manage by the fish and wildlife service of the us department of the interior . pakistan first inning 521 - 8 declare ( saeed anwar 176 , meanwhile " thousand of jewish settler and their right - wing supporter be protest for a second straight day in southern israel against the mid - august gaza evacuation . dole say former first lady nancy reagan be laugh at with her " just say no " anti - drug message . " another 18 people have be kill in the southern city of juba " mr. garang 's home base . 
russian deputy prosecutor general alexander say the document include witness interview " photograph and other datum from the crash in western russia . 11 . david coulthard ( britain ) mclaren 37 lap complete thursday 's meet on the vice presidential transition follow talk monday between president george bush and president - elect obama . local police say at least one home be destroy in village during the incident . soccer match play on saturday : 
" the japanese have never apologise for their wartime crime , " the commentary say . the u.s. military say afghan police kill a senior militant commander this week in the central province of ghazni . already the poor country in the western hemisphere with 80 % of the population live under the poverty line and 54 % in poverty " the damage to port - au - prince cause the country 's gdp to contract an estimate 5.1 % in 2010 . lagos 1996 - 08 - 23 judith wiesner ( austria ) beat 5 - iva majoli ( croatia ) 2 - 6 6 - 3 6- 1 
but they say the new leadership among terror group be difficult to target as they and into multiple society . be the leader of icy to the press ? a brazilian journalist claim chris martin be so that he feel sorry for his wife " actress gwyneth . but official say at least several million dollar have be return to the bank . -docstart- the judge have say he will hand the case to the jury friday " after the pop star 's defense team make its close argument . 
he criticize washington for include lebanon 's hezbollah on its list of terrorist organization " say the group be single out by the united state because of its opposition to israel . high energy price spark by hurricane also help to depress one measure of consumer spending by about one percent - the steep drop since the terror attack in 2001 . public rally in against president salih - inspire by similar demonstration in tunisia and egypt - slowly build momentum start in late january 2011 fuel by complaint over high unemployment " poor economic condition " and corruption . president roh moo - hyun 's cabinet endorse the withdrawal of " 1 troop during the first half of next year . palestinian leader mahmoud abbas have accept the resignation of his top west bank security chief " a sign that mr. abbas be respond to complaint about grow chaos among his security force . 
earlier this week " a - old woman live on the island of bali die of the disease " become the resort island 's first know human fatality from the often - deadly h5n1 strain of the virus . karol kucera ( slovakia ) beat 1 - michael chang ( u.s. ) 6 - 4 6 - 4 prosecutor argue during his trial that kanyarukiga order the of the church with the tutsis inside . the provisional election commission will consider the possible postponement of municipal election only ... interior ministry official say the rocket land in an open area " several kilometer from a high security zone where the meet be be hold . 
4 1 2 1 6 5 5 news corp say strong performance in u.s. television and british newspaper be offset by low profit from news corp 's magazine and publishing division and further hefty loss from its asian star tv operation . first lieutenant greg tell the president that iraqi troop have take the lead in security preparation for the vote . top be a senior member of jemaah " an islamist militant group see as the southeast asian arm of al - qaida . the administration also confirm thursday that president bush phone mr. musharraf on tuesday " a day after his party 's sweep defeat in parliamentary election . 
official have create a system of military commission to prosecute case against suspect at guantanamo bay . pakistani official say 10 to 15 gunman begin shoot at the depot " just 10 kilometer from islamabad " early wednesday before set about 60 container on fire . former chilean dictator augusto pinochet have be indict on human right charge and place under house arrest . robert casey , a opponent of abortion , from speak . four year of fight in darfur have leave more than " 2 people dead and more than two million displace . 
we think it 'll work really well . " but they be cut off by the speaker of parliament " mahmoud al - mashhadani " who say he have not see the proposal . he will be the first european leader to meet with mr. obama since the president take office in january . speak to reporter wednesday in tehran " kamal kharrazi say iran have always seek a short - term suspension of its uranium enrichment activity " but britain " france and germany be press for a permanent one . dutch coach guus hiddink call in feyenoord midfielder van and vitesse defender vierklau for cocu and veldman , but do not name a replacement for midfielder witschge . 
thousand of people seek medical care crowd into the city 's handful of state - run hospital " friday . " this squad be currently the basis of my plan for the 1998 world cup , " vogts say . " an iraqi foreign ministry statement today say it hop that the gesture would help ease tension and facilitate dialogue between the u.s. and iran . on thursday " red cross official say that after several discussion with the pentagon about the allegation " the complaint cease . " america want to block the establishment of a strong islamic government in afghanistan and the u.s. intend to the afghan peace process initiate by the afghans themselves , " say the spokesman , hamid . 
during their meet " the leader be also to discuss the sell of brazilian aircraft to venezuela 's military . gunman seize penrose , who come from in southern england , frenchman frederic and six other hostage from their car in grozny , the capital of chechnya , on july 27 . burns make the comment follow talk with indian foreign secretary saran in new delhi wednesday . revenue decline 8 % to $ million " from $ million a year earlier . pakistan have thousand of troop deploy in the region to hunt for al - qaida and taleban fighter . 
russian president dmitry medvedev and his venezuelan counterpart " hugo chavez " attend the sign ceremony friday in the russian city of . dealer say share be also affect by a in bond price due to low than expect june industrial production , show the economy be still falter . xinhua say that during the forum " the chinese leader meet with the chairman of taiwan 's main opposition party " lien chan . a man come into a wood one day with an axe in his hand " and beg all the tree to give him a small branch which he want for a particular purpose . 4 . sven teutenberg ( germany ) us postal 
last sale : $ ( ) % ; ; % 1 . sorensen hamas refuse to recognize israel " and have vow to undermine palestinian leader mahmoud abbas 's effort to make peace with the jewish state . plant in late summer and early , the grain be ukraine 's large export item and traditionally grow good than summer wheat in ukraine 's soil . he be involve in the investigation of last year 's kill of former prime minister rafik hariri . 
suspect leftist rebel in colombia have kill at least a dozen coca grower in the northwestern part of the country . brad delp be find dead march 9 " at his home in the northeastern state of new hampshire . 1 . de ( italy ) nathalie dechy of france defeat anabel medina garrigue in straight set " 06-mar " 06-jan . the australian face the winner of the day 's second semifinal between world number one roger federer and russian safin . 
in london at mid - afternoon yesterday " ratner 's share be up 2 pence ( cent ) " at 260 pence ( $ ) . president rodriguez say he authorize the missile ' destruction " but not their transfer to the united state . nigeria be under fire from many western country for human right abuse and lack of democracy . during the civil war a patriot be pass through the state of maryland with a pass from the president to join grant 's army and see the fight . several week of mass protest in april 2006 be follow by several month of peace negotiation between the maoist and government official " and culminate in a november 2006 peace accord and the of an interim constitution . 
1 0 michael say at a balkans energy conference in sofia monday that close the reactor be part of bulgaria 's membership agreement with the eu . president reagan appoint him chief justice 14 year later " in 1986 . the global financial crisis be weaken demand for cambodian export " and construction be decline due to a shortage of credit . google executive have defend the decision " acknowledge the restriction be with the company 's policy " but say they be a sacrifice to reach more user . 
-docstart- mr. bush " spending the weekend at the presidential retreat " camp david " in maryland " do not indicate what change he be consider for his team . " who play a teen under house arrest who suspect a neighbor of murder " be also on the upswing . mr. tsang be expect to win the july vote . the u.n. food and agriculture organization say burma 's response to the outbreak have be " quick and effective . " 
researcher believe wild bird from the region may have carry bird flu along migratory path to europe . villepin say he believe a timetable for the withdrawal of all foreign troop be need to allow iraqis to feel their future be in their own hand and to put them back on the path of national sovereignty . mr. harper arrive at kandahar air base sunday in a canadian military aircraft . mr. bush be schedule to attend an annual summit between the european union and the united state " be hold this year on june 10 in slovenia . for million " no treatment work . 
pickens have endorse neither obama nor republican candidate john mccain . iraqi police say a suicide car bombing at a police training center in the southern city of have kill at least one policeman and wound more than 20 other people . he make the comment after hold talk with iraqi prime minister nouri al - maliki in najaf . official say they suspect the virus could be the deadly h5n1 strain and test be underway on sample from the bird . fidel castro " 84 " step down as president of cuba in 2006 " but remain head of the communist party . 
olympic sprint championship ( three - man team ) : deficit / surplus may - - - - - nagin 's announcement follow public consultation on rebuild proposal make by an advisory commission in january . security official also be on high alert follow the launch this week of a major u.s. offensive against taliban militant in neighboring afghanistan . yeltsin 's spokesman say he may meet official during his break , but indicate lebed be low on the list by say yeltsin would ne time to study the proposal before talk to him . 
witness say at least 15 people have be kill in two day of ongoing clash between rival islamist group in central somalia . about 500 prisoner be hold at guantanamo " most of them capture in afghanistan on suspicion of tie to the taleban or al - qaida . the vice president later return to the white house to resume his schedule . the afghan islamic press also quote mr. hakimi as say the taleban will never stop fight as long as u.s. troop remain in afghanistan . forecaster say the center of the storm could reach mainland nicaragua by sunday . 
in september 1995 " france stir up widespread protest by resume nuclear test on the atoll after a three - year moratorium . a series of subsequent civil war see kabul finally fall in 1996 to the taliban " a hardline pakistani - sponsor movement that emerge in 1994 to end the country 's civil war and . earlier " price go as low as $ . most , include former president f.w. de klerk and african national congress deputy president thabo mbeki , offer apology for any mistake they have make and accept broad responsibility for the action of their foot soldier . hansa rostock bring cologne 's 100 percent record to an end with a 2 - 0 win over the club while a sean dundee hat - trick inside seven minute stand out in karlsruhe 's 4 - 0 demolition of st pauli . 
5 - 0 - 24 - 0 . sharapova be trail " 06-apr " 02-jan " when she pull out because of an injury to her right muscle . -docstart- an islamist web site monday say al - qaida leader osama bin laden soon will release a new message aim at europeans . an iraqi police spokesman say the man " along with several other " be detain after two early morning raid sunday in a town south of baghdad . 
earlier on friday " the commander of the peacekeeper " steve " say officer have detain 62 people for question in an attack on one of the australian police officer last week . , inc. , say it win $ 1 million of claire , . baseball - major league standing after saturday be games . iran 's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei have formally endorse mahmoud ahmadinejad as the country 's next president . local authority say cattle from the tribe attack the tribe late monday . 
high on thursday 's nato agenda will be expansion of the alliance 's peacekeeping operation in afghanistan and a training mission for iraqi officer be set in baghdad . peace talk finally result in a comprehensive peace agreement " sign in january 2005 . mr. bush also say action be need to prevent a long " and painful recession . president attend the open of the saturday " in the country 's southern mountain near armenia 's border with iran . medical personnel in the stricken city of new orleans be try to continue to aid patient amid deplete supply and deteriorate condition . 
the coordinate attack produce the bad death toll ever from terrorism in spain . police in brussels have clash with several hundred demonstrator protest president bush 's visit to the belgian capital . cia director porter goss ' choice for the post of executive director of the intelligence agency have decline the appointment after account be publish about his resignation from the cia two decade ago . it say craig hold have also join the company as executive vice president and chief marketing officer . nancy 3 0 1 2 2 5 1 
health expert fear it will mutate into a form that could be easily spread among human " trigger a global pandemic . witness say soldier arrest sheikh abdul " the region 's top sunni muslim cleric . mickelson 's victory give him a 10 year to the tour . since mr. anderson 's kill last year " venezuelan police have arrest at least two other suspect " while two other be kill in a gunfight with police . chemlon humenne 0 1 
of austria be third ( ) . she be a central figure in last year 's massive protest in kiev against a flawed november presidential run - off vote . so far " the conflict have claim more than " 10 life . he have also call the holocaust a myth . in other development " lebanon 's main opposition leader walid jumblatt say he have no current plan to press for disarmament of the militant group hezbollah . 
the invasion to fight militant quickly oust the hardline taliban government . the organization 's executive director " jose luis " say project figure for this year show the low poverty rate since the early 1980 " but he caution that two year of growth will not solve the region 's problem . the proposal would require a change in indonesian law " which say party must have representation in at least half of the country 's 32 province . the russian company have demand $ 600 million in back payment " as well as for a payment plan for the rest of the year . flight from moscow 's second airport " " be operate " but traveler experience delay . 
yeltsin have tell kohl about effort to find a political solution to the conflict in russia 's breakaway chechnya region , interfax add . the cost of export good could still be a for barter dealer , but volkova say the authority be currently " tackle the of the issue " . -docstart- ten people be kill and 40 wound in saturday 's clash . he be airlift to france after be ill for about two week . 
dutch post and telecom group koninklijke nv 's ( dutch ) first half result come below most analyst ' forecast , give ground to adjust full year estimate , analyst say on friday . the list measure both the star ' earning and their influence within their respective field . other report to be consider leave include secretary of state colin powell and homeland security chief tom ridge . some dissident say the blast be carry out by government - link group to justify tight security . it be expect to cost $ 1 trillion over 10 year . 
authority say commander victor die tuesday when gunman attack the vehicle in which he be travel . the exact date of the attack be unclear . he quit the government in 1998 " but return in 2000 and serve as prime minister until quit again in late 2004 " after lebanon 's pro - syrian parliament vote to extend the term of pro - syrian president and political rival emile lahoud . in it " washington burma " as well as country include north korea " china and russia " as some of the world 's bad human right offender . pro forma net income 
he say an infection have sweep through the team that win the world championship last year . he say that his newly announce economic team be work hard to confront an economic crisis of historic proportion . , with germany 's euro ' 96 hero oliver in their lineup , complete the hat - trick of beat serie a side when they go under 2 - 1 to newly relegate . for sunday 's belgian grand prix motor race after final russia have cite the importance of relation with the united state " but express some concern a day after president bush criticize democracy in russia . 
french singer henri salvador " who perform with and be credit with inspire the bossa nova " die in paris wednesday " at the age of 90 . : sussex - 6 ( w. 111 ) v lancashire china be defend its record of report human case of bird flu follow a newspaper report that local health official may be hide suspect case . beijing break off military - to - military contact after the obama administration notify congress in january of a plan to sell taiwan up to $ 6.4 billion worth of arm . mr. putin and mr. chavez sign an agreement announce venezuela 's support of russia 's bid to join the world trade organization . 
the risk of a shrink economy be one of many thing that top official from the u.s. central bank " know as the federal reserve " be consider as they decide whether to cut interest rate to boost the economy . pro - government lawmaker in venezuela have appoint 17 new judge to the supreme court " strengthen the administration of president hugo chavez . hundred more be list as miss . the wwf say in a new report that annual fishing quota for the bluefin be exceed by more than 40 percent . king tell , chairman of the tibetan government , that nepal would not " become a tool for other to split tibet " , the newspaper say . 
call her his political partner " mr. yushchenko say she can be trust to organize a new government . attendance : 5,000 king gyanendra say he make the power grab in order to subdue increasingly violent maoist rebel . the five - day visit will include stop in the united arab emirate " oman and qatar . lieutenant - general david richards tell bbc thursday that the international community " take their eye off this ball and a vacuum be allow to develop " in afghanistan . 
be the former chief executive of - bp and will travel to moscow with outgoing bp chief tony . to the all be as part of his plea - bargain " he be expect to cooperate with federal investigator " mean he could provide name of u.s. congressman with whom he have illegal dealing . the senate have include $ million for the embassy " but the house have not . the result release thursday also show that sunni arab tribal leader who rise up against insurgent win the most seat in the western province of anbar . 
he have have a problem with his for some time " force him to miss two pre - season game . a top democratic lawmaker have call on president bush to fill the new vacancy on the supreme court with a moderate " mainstream justice . south korean police detain a group of anti - japanese protester in seoul friday after stop their attempt to hold a mock funeral for japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi . in the other incident " a female suicide bomber blow herself up at a hospital near the western town of fallujah in anbar province " kill three people . the big stumble block be the united state " which reject the kyoto protocol on cut " greenhouse " " or heat - trap " emission . 
in a new year 's message " mrs. kumaratunga ask her country to unite - without regard to ethnicity " religion or class - to face the stagger destruction from sunday 's tsunami . last month " the u.s. house of representative pass a measure call for the construction of security fence along the southern u.s. border with mexico in an effort to curb illegal border - cross . add hapoel v constructorul chisinau the hollywood movie studio that produce well - know film like the james bond series and " the of oz " have file for bankruptcy . and " in a remote district " a rocket strike the tower of a telephone exchange " cut phone line to thousand of customer . 
standing after game play on wednesday ( tabulate under - the united state have be pressure iraqi politician to form a new government " which washington believe will help stem the violence . the doctor say the terrorist be bleed heavily when treat and leave despite recommendation that he remain under hospital care . for bombay baker make the march 1995 trip on the understand that it remain a secret , but after his speech at the convention , israel 's outgoing ambassador itamar rabinovich tell a reporter about it , the post say . 
" we have a suitable exchange rate . leslie but his current career only come about when fate intervene in his life . iran 's news agency quote tehran police chief general hossein as say that police will confront any illegal gather . tokyo 1996 - 08 - 26 
they be the second group of shi'ite pilgrim target monday . adelaide 21 8 0 13 32 will still compete in single luge but will not compete in the turin winter games . he add that u.s. comment just day before mr. ahmadinejad take office stem from what he term " u.s. with iran 's independent policy . " he commend special counsel patrick fitzgerald for his " and courage . 
turkish cypriot have vote sunday to elect their first new president in more than 20 year . the company say it expect demand for the device to exceed supply in the come week . be run as an independent in sunday 's election . alan ( australia ) , mark roe , emanuele canonica ( italy ) 
wimbledon bad boy jeff tarango catch a break monday when he advanced after the retirement of german alex radulescu due to heat exhaustion . chinese state medium say an explosion at a chemical plant in eastern china have kill at least 14 people and injure 30 other . u.s. troop in fallujah have find a safe house which they say contain evidence link to want militant abu musab al - zarqawi . million of americans be gather with family and friend thursday " to reflect on their blessing for the thanksgiving holiday . the law say china will employ " non - peaceful mean " to prevent taiwan 's independence if effort at peaceful reunification fail . 
emergency worker be search for people trap in their home without food or power . clinton tell reporter at the united nation wednesday that the u.s. government still will use sanction against burma to try to influence its government . mr. morales be the country 's first indigenous president . the resolution also empower the new u.n. special envoy in afghanistan - norwegian diplomat kai eide - to directly coordinate support provide by international donor to the afghan government . chamber serve a two - year dope ban between 2003 and 2005 and appeal to london 's high court for an injunction against the british olympic association 's ban for drug cheat . 
mr. ahmadinejad be speak wednesday in tehran to thousand of student gather at a conference title " the world without zionism . " petr korda ( czech republic ) beat david caldwell ( u.s. ) 6 - 3 3 - 6 6 - 3 7 - 5 the attack have raise tension between india and neighboring pakistan " both nuclear - arm country that have fight three war . the statement say fight erupt after afghan and u.s. troop back by plane and helicopter gunship attack enemy position " drop 11 bomb . indicators - hungary - updated aug 22 . 
a statement release by the coalition friday say the clash happen thursday in helmand province . mr. surayud have vow to unite the country . the delegation member tell reporter they be meet at the airport by zimbabwean official who turn the group back . meanwhile " french official report find bird flu in a dead wild bird on the mediterranean coast . the bakool region border ethiopia " which have thousand of troop in somalia support the country 's u.n .- back administration lead by president abdullahi yusuf . 
he deny plan the government - sponsor kill of some " 8 minority tutsis and their hutu sympathizer . the standard of live be relatively high . 6 . jans koert ( netherlands ) palmans mukasey announce the justice department investigation wednesday " appoint federal prosecutor john durham to lead the inquiry . the country remain the poor in the former soviet sphere . 
press right group reporter without border have call for the man 's release . r. kaluwitharana b tendulkar 53 division one a u.n. statement issue tuesday say the fund will come from canada " the european union and the united state . he call on the the united nation security council to act or face endanger an important world body . 
mr. powell say sudan 's future and its relationship with the united state rely on achieve peace throughout the entire nation . u.s. secretary of state hillary clinton say it will be up to her daughter chelsea whether to accept a kenyan man 's offer of livestock in return for chelsea 's hand in marriage . monday the u.s. commerce department say it have begin an investigation into whether a recent surge in chinese textile import be disrupt the u.s. market . official in japan say the death toll from a typhoon that sweep across the island - nation now stand at 75 . japan announce its pledge tuesday at the begin of a two - day international conference in tokyo on afghan reconstruction aid . 
a state department spokesman say the united state have raise the issue with russia on several occasion . he call for research on hybrid automobile " and invest in new method of produce . anthony lovato and his brother matt form m in 1995 . the three - month trial have focus attention on south africa 's high incidence of rape and h.i.v. infection . in the night 's only other match , hamburg beat hansa rostock 1 - 0 , karsten baeron score the winner after some dazzle build - up from in - form midfielder harald . 
the letter be sign by some 200 area resident and indigenous leader . third and final test between england and pakistan at the oval on the european union impose the embargo in 1989 after china 's violent crackdown on pro - democracy demonstration in beijing 's tiananmen square . president kuchma also fire policy minister viktor and regional administration head . ( n. 86 , m. 64 ; d. gough 4 - 53 ) and 210 - 5 
he ( mind games ) be go as well as any of them one and a half ( 300 metre ) out but he just do n't quicken . " about 1 billion people worldwide the catholic faith . botham dash back to portsmouth and take the field as the over begin . -docstart- the conflict kill more than " 1 palestinians and 13 israelis . 
on tuesday " mr. zapatero " mr. chavez and leader of brazil and colombia hold a one - day summit in puerto " venezuela to discuss trade " political alliance and terrorism . authority say the explosive be bind for palestinians in the gaza strip . assailant with grenade and automatic weapon attack a wedding party in southeastern turkey " kill 45 people and wound at least six other . a shi'ite militant group in iraq have release a video of a man it apparently kidnap " and who appear to be a u.s. contractor who disappear last month . there be no immediate comment from israel . 
mr. micheletti have be under intense international pressure to restore mr. zelaya " since he be remove from power in a june 28 coup . on sunday " the turkish military shell a kurdish rebel stronghold in northern iraq . swiss announce wednesday that its own earning will be hurt by the recent string of storm to hit the u.s. gulf coast . one victim remain unidentified . voter in nepal have begin cast ballot in the country 's first nationwide municipal election in seven year . 
st pauli 4 schalke 4 standing in the french soccer " i ' m stand at a police barricade about 200 meter from benazir bhutto 's private residence in islamabad . the military say one soldier be also wound in the explosion that hit their combat patrol in the town of balad " north of baghdad " late wednesday . president bush will pay tribute at a memorial day ceremony later monday at arlington national cemetery to member of america 's military who die in combat . 
mr. chavez speak sunday " a day after mr. uribe offer to discuss the issue with him . swansea 3 1 0 2 3 7 3 london 1996 - 08 - 25 the new security strategy say russia view any expansion of nato to its neighboring country to be " unacceptable . " brazilians have reject a proposal to ban all gun sale in the country . 
venezuela respond by send troop to the colombian border . rallying - makinen step up title bid with lakes win . they say the new party " the advanced congress of democrats " will allow mr. abubakar to contest next year 's presidential election and help rally opponent of the president . zardari say " in an interview with the british broadcast corporation " that the new coalition government do not have the two - third majority in parliament necessary to impeach the president . official say the blast occur in central baghdad . 
it be the first time a russian president have visit the kingdom " a traditional ally of the united state . the political opposition in belarus be fragmented and mr. lukashenko 's government maintain tight control over the medium . the need to beat kazakhstan and erase a huge margin while hop the united state would lose against russia later in the day . conte , an army general , survive a february army pay revolt which at the time he describe as a veiled attempt to topple him . hong kong police regularly catch hundred of illegal immigrant and people who have their visa from mainland china and send them back . 
and the u.s. military say an american soldier be kill in a baghdad operation wednesday . mr. erkinbayev be one of the candidate . world health organization representative doctor say wednesday two other have be diagnose with ebola in the northwestern region of congo " near the border with gabon . oil buyer be apparently reassure when washington help insurance giant aig and take other action to calm the market . he also accuse britain of " steal " the falkland island from argentina " and call on mr. blair to give them back . 
the newspaper also say the departure come as his brother " saudi foreign minister prince saud al - faisal " be in ill health " note rumor that prince turki could be a possible replacement for prince saud . a second round will be call in two week if no candidate win more than 50 percent of the vote . describe as quiet and private " akerson be expect to become the face of gm in an industry where the ceo be often require to be the big salesman . the other kidnapping victim be an american . ramadi " locate 110 kilometer west of baghdad " have be a stronghold of insurgent fight u.s. and iraqi security force . 
" i be very nervous before the start but then i be by the speed of my ride , " boardman say . " mr. yanukovych allege there be thousand of election violation and be refuse to concede defeat to his rival " opposition leader viktor yushchenko . shadab kabir 2 4 0 87 35 the 15 survivor who have be on board the russian - make helicopter be take to hospital from the remote jungle crash site about 150 km ( 90 mile ) north of phnom penh , information minister ieng say . another suicide truck bomber strike the northern city of mosul " kill two people . 
the ministry say the goal of the exercise be to " deepen sino - russian trust " and improve their capability to fight international terrorism . -docstart- he call them to his bedside and say " " my son " there be a great treasure hide in one of my . " afterward " mr. bush be to visit brazil on november 5 and 6 at the invitation of president luiz inacio lula da silva . it be administer by a u.n. representative appoint by the security council . 
5 . gabriel - juan ( argentine ) 15 iraqi police say a suicide truck bomber have kill at least 15 people and wound more than 20 at a police station in northern iraq . pakistani official say security force have kill at least 23 militant in fight that take place during a search operation in the country 's northwest . genoa appeal after their defeat last saturday on the ground that striker jonathan , who come on in the minute with his team lead 2 - 0 , still have a one - match suspension to serve from last season . authority say that be drive up demand " especially in the hard - hit state of georgia " tennessee and north carolina . 
many of those kill die when shell land in the city 's busy bakara market . seventy eight - year - old , a bosnian croat who have spend the last five year in , tell reuters she have cast her ballot because she 'd be tell to by the camp authority but have no idea who she vote for . thai authority say the late victim of the h5n1 virus die thursday in the central province of thani " after bury a sick chicken . prime minister romano prodi say tuesday that his government will use italy 's new seat in the u.n. security council to push for a " universal moratorium " on capital punishment . source say hamas leader khaled meshaal and islamic jihad leader ramadan shallah both meet with egyptian negotiator . 
netanyahu and levy 's spokesman say they could not confirm it . the church in australia say on monday lynch , batchelor , barton and riel be hold in a prison until the weekend , when they be move to join the other captive at the compound . in other news " u.s .- lead coalition force and afghan troop arrest four man and seize weapon in a raid on a compound in jalalabad in the eastern province of nangarhar . datum on topsoil moisture rating be not release by the texas agricultural statistic service . prosecutor say his victim of $ 3.8 million . 
german chancellor angela merkel say the situation be " serious " as bird flu reach the german mainland for the first time . authority saturday say four assailant on friday gun down raul guerrero " director of the la opinion newspaper " while he be drive his vehicle in northern veracruz . the market be drive by investor optimism about corporate earning after strong earning report from soft - drink giant coca - cola and the two large u.s. provider of phone service " at&t and verizon . the treasury department say the new review will be conduct by the same panel of national security agency involve in the initial study . world bank president paul wolfowitz be in islamabad " where he meet with president pervez musharraf and praise pakistan 's economic and banking sector reform . 
the wall street journal report late friday the u.s. have ask pakistan in recent week to allow more cia officer and special operation military trainer into the country to participate in washington 's effort step up pressure on militant . follow riot in the capital male in august 2004 " the president and his government pledge to embark upon democratic reform include a more representative political system and expand political freedom . bosnian authority say forensic expert have exhume more than 120 body from a mass grave near the town of zvornik . also include in monday 's cabinet reshuffle be the minister of defense " economy " health " social affair and labor . a spokeswoman for israeli prime minister ehud olmert tuesday also criticize syria for pro - hezbollah statement make by its foreign minister " walid during the month - long israel - hezbollah war . 
the letter contain what benedict call a " special apostolic blessing " to the cleric . the plo want east jerusalem as the capital of a future palestinian state . the government have take measure to curb violent crime " and recently adopt a fiscal reform package aim at reduce the large gray economy and attract foreign investment . some of the late secret u.s. cable release by wikileaks say saudi arabia propose deploy an arab military force back by the u.n. " u.s. and nato to crush hezbollah force in lebanon . u.s. vice president dick cheney accidentally shoot and wound a fellow hunter while hunt quail in southern texas . 
reverse a previous denial of the incident " chad 's information minister moussa say tuesday that chadian troop have cross the border to pursue rebel they have be fight in eastern chad . but lebed , who have no real power without his boss and have hint at dark force in moscow work against him , appear to think a deal will not stick without strong back from yeltsin . they be give 900 a day of dry garlic powder or tablet . " top iranian negotiator ali larijani speak tuesday in vienna " on the sideline of an emergency session of the international atomic energy agency . a u.s. military spokesman " colonel jim " say the cause of the crash be under investigation " and that troop be at the scene provide security for recovery operation . 
on wednesday a in the west bank town of ramallah say police about a month ago confiscate several copy of two of say 's book on the israel - plo self - rule deal . israeli troop also kill a 13-year - old boy during an incident at askar camp . opposition supporter call their trial politically motivated because of khodorkovsky 's back of opposition politician - charge kremlin authority deny . black - and in helmand province " a muslim cleric be wound by unidentified gunman rid a motorcycle . 
during the late 1980 and early 1990 " the economy be crippled by a continuous siphon off of petroleum revenue by the amir " who have rule the country since 1972 . st 0 st johnstone 3 in 1949 " costa rica dissolve its armed force . mohammed abdul be shoot in the shoulder when about 250 police officer burst into his home before dawn on june 2 . ( australia ) , david gilford , cage , mike clayton 
elsewhere " at least six iraqi police be kill and more than 20 other wound thursday in a suicide car bombing on baghdad 's airport road . u.s. defense secretary donald rumsfeld tell pentagon worker friday that iraq have make remarkable change since u.s .- lead force invade the country to topple saddam hussein . rule by the al thani family since the " qatar transform itself from a poor british protectorate note mainly for pearl into an independent state with significant oil and natural gas revenue . on monday " the togolese parliament restore the original provision call for election within 60 day when a president die - but decide to keep mr. gnassingbe as interim president . official from the world health organization say they fear yemen could be face a major polio epidemic " after confirm 83 case of the disease . 
fifty - one people be believe to have kill in a fiery bus crash in china 's mountainous southwest . on monday " an egyptian appeal court uphold a low court decision last month to sentence blogger abdel karim suleiman to four year in prison - three for insult islam and one for insult president hosni mubarak . voa 's mil arcega report . joyful relative greet the man - christian chesnot and georges malbrunot - upon their arrival at an air base outside paris wednesday . judith wiesner ( austria ) beat debbie graham ( u.s. ) 6 - 2 7 - 5 
u.s. assistant secretary of state for south asia richard arrive in the pakistani capital " islamabad " wednesday for two day of meeting . for independence in the decade follow world war i be finally successful in get the french to recognize tunisia as an independent state in 1956 . but opposition official say the amendment include restrictive measure that will prevent a credible challenge to president hosni mubarak if he decide to seek another term . beijing have call on seoul to stop south korean missionary from travel to china , a south korean embassy spokesman say on tuesday . he say the victim be shoot " stab or burn to death . 
german chancellor angela merkel take part in commemoration at the tomb of poland 's unknown soldier . a number of e - mail ask about russia " its process " and its role in european union politic . he have previously be fin and jail for his work . she have play groenefeld once before - earlier this year in stanford " california - and beat the german player in straight set . the olympic be the only major global figure skating competition where both partner must be from the same nation . 
sept bond up 12 at . pro forma : gdp grow 4.8 % in 2010 " in part " on the strength of renew export growth . willem ii tilburg 0 fortuna sittard 1 eager to put lauck behind bar quickly and avoid a long and complex trial , prosecutor bernd limited his charge to offence since 1994 . 
gloucestershire 280 and ( j. russell 57 , m. lynch 50 ; analyst say investor be still nervous follow last week 's worldwide plunge " despite president 's bush 's plan to revitalize the slow u.s. economy with tax rebate . he be later release " but prosecutor say he may face charge of for allegedly shove a police officer and damage a picture of president alexander lukashenko . repeat military coup during the 1970 and 1980 be follow by multiparty election in the early 1990 . a top judicial official and critic of president ernesto samper accuse the government of on wednesday over effort to lift colombia 's five - year - old ban on extradition . 
fan burn the hollywood actor in effigy april 16 " after he repeatedly kiss movie actress shilpa shetty during an aids awareness event in new delhi . american skier bode miller have capture the vancouver olympic gold medal in the man 's super - combine event " which combine one downhill run with one slalom run . during a televise speech sunday " mr. chavez call on president uribe to put his defense minister in his place . a tank shell hit her home near the jabaliya refugee camp in northern gaza . hundred of riot police surround about 30 demonstrator who carry an empty coffin and mr. koizumi 's picture to a park near the japanese embassy for the funeral . 
at least people have be kill and many other be miss in latin america after several day of heavy rain " mudslide and flood from the storm " which come ashore tuesday on mexico 's eastern gulf coast . he face up to 10 year in prison for his public denial " which be illegal in austria . the bad weather also force former president george bush " the father of the current president " to postpone a flight to the regional capital " muzaffarabad . he spend time in south africa and botswana before enter zambia in early july . the vice president say he believe there be only a few school that could be consider possible breed ground for terrorist " but he decline to name them . 
astronaut and hans instal a tank on the outpost . he say india 's recent approval of the gas pipeline have create an encourage atmosphere for push ahead this highly important project . the official say brunei " malaysia " the philippine " singapore " and thailand have agree to participate in the observer mission . no government soldier be injure . norwegian negotiator erik say the recent surge in violence have put sri lanka 's truce at risk . 
the explosion severely damage the build " kill and wound policeman " prisoner and civilian . in san francisco , pedro martinez allow two hit in eight inning and david drive in two run as the montreal expos shut out the san francisco giant 3 - 0 for their third straight win . israel have neither confirm nor deny have a role . the government - own al - al - say the smuggler be catch in in the eastern state of , on the border with eritrea , and have confess they be on their way to " the so - call alliance force which have be undertake operation on the eastern border " . there be precedent for the direct assignment . 
2 1 ask what india would do if the pact be forward to the united nation general assembly , gujral say : " that bridge i will cross when i come to it . " " the shell be too hard " " say the eagle in reply . deny any wrongdoing . " i lose the moment , " lament basuki , who have reach the fourth round at wimbledon four time and be a semifinalist in montreal earlier this month . 
french police place four people four youth under investigation in connection with a bus attack saturday in marseille that leave a passenger in critical condition . no other detail be immediately available . in another " the fbi report that an unnamed individual see iraqi civilian detainee be beat and strangle . montpelli 0 cannes 1 ( 8th ) . in 1999 / 2000 " ecuador suffer a severe economic crisis " with gdp contract by 5.3 % . 
wang say the water be still dangerous because it have be sit in pipe and may be contaminate from the benzene spill . result : england win by five wicket . since thursday " gunfight and arson attack by gang member have kill at least 18 people . mercosur account for $ 1 trillion in annual economic activity and include 250 million people . appear in a video in august plead for his freedom and say his health be deteriorate . 
speak sunday in tehran " mr. ahmadinejad say his word be the same one use by the late ayatollah nearly 27 year ago . the national party rule for the first two decade . official in seoul say the man return to north korea in april " then come back to the south a month later " where he surrender to authority . kyrgyzstan become a soviet republic in and achieve independence in 1991 when the ussr dissolve . boraine say the picture be incomplete because officer of the apartheid - era security force have yet to make their schedule , separate submission , but one black caller to a radio talk show declare : 
analyst have on average expect a pre - abnormal profit of a$ billion . kocinski lead for the early lap before he be pass first by aoki , who record the fast lap of kph , and then by takeda . no additional information have be give by either government . the election come after an angry campaign full of insult by both side . local official say the bus be carry pilgrim to a holy site when it skid off a mountain road some 165 kilometer north of jammu and plunge into a deep ravine . 
as a result " upjohn will likely only about 275 to 350 of its more than " 21 job world - wide . rice option volume be estimate at 50 contract , down from 56 friday . aggregate 3 - 3 . federal police say friday that embassy from three african and two middle eastern country be allegedly part of the ring . and his wife , , both 50 year old , be seize late on saturday or early on sunday from a tree plantation they manage by at least two heavily armed man who take the two off in their own car , leave behind a ransom note demand $ 1.5 million . 
all 53 people on board and one on the ground be kill . nist scientist develop a device that turn computer document and electronic message into for the sight - . carroll be a journalist for the u.s. base christian science monitor newspaper . 13 - thomas enqvist ( sweden ) beat stephane ( france ) 6 - 3 6 - 1 6 - 4 malaysia have ban the use of , an antibiotic , in chicken feed and veterinary application because it believe the drug could cause cancer , the health ministry say on thursday . 
in september 2004 " a kabul court sentence one of three " edwin caraballo " to eight year in prison while bennett and allege ringleader jonathan idema receive 10-year term . scoreboard of the it also fin him $ " 1 and bar him from head research team for the next three year . philippine military soldier have clash with islamic extremist tuesday " kill at least one and wound a senior leader of the al - qaida - link abu sayyaf group . the strain have already be confirm in france " germany " greece " hungary " slovenia " italy and austria . 
south african official say the tsunami kill at least nine south african tourist in thailand . voa 's carol pearson explain . in his e - mail " mr. goss appear to charge from democrats that he have a partisan agenda favor president bush . protester march to the election commission follow the announcement . drc government soldier chase them out of some area but clash have continue " with u.n. peacekeeper aid the government . 
heavy snow and strong wind have be blame in the death of at least six people across japan . ( 16 ) ( jan 2 ) 6 - andre agassi ( u.s. ) vs. ( colombia ) earlier " palestinian hospital official say an israeli military strike in northern gaza kill three palestinians " include a teenage boy . some in lebanon be concerned that sectarian tension will spin out of control and may lead to a civil war like the one that rag from 1975 to 1990 . 
some human right group reject the change for not go far enough " note there be still no option for appeal to an independent court . the militant kidnap nine foreign oil worker last month " but have free six of them . the medical aid group doctor without border say lead poisoning have kill some 400 child in northern nigeria over the past six month . possible peace talk will be a key issue discuss when afghan president hamid karzai meet with u.s. president barack obama in washington this week . arc say it 's not just contractor in the front line but also supplier like itself . 
turkey have warn france that tie between the two country will suffer what it call " irreparable damage " if french lawmaker approve a measure make denial of the armenian genocide 90 year ago a criminal offense . analyst say strong price competition among business make company reluctant to pass rise cost along to customer . yuan " former president of beijing - base group " be put to death by lethal injection saturday in liaon province . official be take precaution in the wake of the destruction cause by hurricane katrina . venezuela president hugo chavez have threaten to detain u.s. official if they be catch collect sensitive information about venezuela 's military . 
mr. castro 's communist government have rule cuba since 1959 . the international olympic committee say a ukrainian silver medalist be under investigation for a positive drug test at the beijing olympic . the find there be massive irregularity in those ballot " and throw out a third of the vote cast for president hamid karzai . the farmer 's servant rush up with stick and and soon teach the ass that the reuters news agency report the crash occur at a high speed about an hour before sundown . 
in addition " u.s. military commander general kevin previously have say al - baghdadi may not be a real person " but rather a character create to put an iraqi face on the otherwise foreign leadership of al - qaida in iraq . eyewitness say bosnian serb force kill the victim then take the body to a in the village of " near zvornik " and set the build on fire . the other " 46 plan to return home to burundi . also thursday " iraqi witness say u.s. force open fire on a minibus in baghdad " kill four people and wound eight . u.s. secretary of state colin powell say the election be a way for iraqis to take a stand against the insurgent . 
mr. be consider by many as a moderate element in the oust regime . news corp say revenue gain at its magazine and insert division be offset by high paper price and low sale at the u.s. tv guide . the bill also define terrorism and what constitute a terrorist act . venezuela 's government have defend the law " say they be intend to raise medium standard and not limit free speech . lithuanian president viktor adamkus congratulate mr. yushchenko in a telephone conversation . 
amnesty say at least 756 civilian be kill in 2006 " mostly from roadside bomb and suicide attack . the operation be intend to restore security along the euphrate river valley ahead of next month 's parliamentary election . " in the name of jesus , we want to bring your attention to what be go on in the brazilian countryside , " two church umbrella group say in a letter to the brazilian people . argentine tennis player juan ignacio chela and spanish veteran carlos moya have reach the quarterfinal at the u.s. open in flush meadows " new york . result of major league 
cairo 1996 - 08 - 29 mr. ahmadinejad make his controversial remark wednesday at a tehran conference call " the world without zionism . " sri lankan military official say at least 18 tamil rebel and two government soldier have die in separate clash . world oil price soar to new record high tuesday as investor worried about the impact of hurricane katrina on oil production in the united state . the world health organization confirm sunday that two woman who die in indonesia last week have contract the h5n1 virus that have kill almost 90 people worldwide since 2003 . 
cheer legislator give the eld castro a stand as he enter the legislative chamber in an event broadcast on cuban television saturday . for 50 year brown 's career be base in new orleans " where he play guitar and sing blue " country " jazz " and music . publication of the report have be stall for a year " due in part to legal challenge by zacarias moussaoui " who plead guilty this year to a role in the attack . iran say five spy network destroy , 41 hold . garcia lead flore by nearly " 1 vote on saturday . 
china reject the criticism " say internal affair should be handle by china 's government and citizen " not outsider . the court say the right of minority should be decide by the costa rica 's lawmaker " not by a popular vote . the international olympic committee ( ioc ) have its suspension of iraq " allow the middle eastern nation to compete at the beijing games . german share shed some gain on profit - taking but nonetheless end the floor session high by demand for chemical stock and a stable dollar . backer of a controversial referendum in kazakhstan to extend president nursultan nazarbayev 's rule until the year 2020 say a majority of voter support the idea . 
italians hold hiv - for harass . french president nicholas sarkozy have urge the group of seven industrialize nation to good monitor international financial market in the face of global credit concern . it say force be close in on key taliban stronghold in the south waziristan region " where it launch its offensive two week ago . ghad 's leader " ayman nour " be face a forgery trial after run second to president mubarak in september 's presidential vote . official in the central java city of solo say friday they be request church put any suspicious object into a one - meter deep hole to store until a bomb squad can arrive . 
pope benedict xvi have extend greeting to orthodox christians as they celebrate christmas eve on the julian calendar . activist from an alliance of five political party in nepal say they will hold a second round of protest monday against king gyanendra 's assumption of absolute power . the u.s. defense department " in a statement monday " say the article be " so riddled with error of fundamental fact " that it have no credibility . hosseini also say iran have no immediate plan to restore tie with america . the virus have kill more than 200 people around the world " mostly in asia " since 2003 . 
annex mr. morales nationalize bolivia 's energy sector may 1 " and give foreign energy company 180 day to agree to new contract with the state - own firm . in the united arab emirate be experiment with robot now that it be no longer legal to use small boy as jockey . it be not immediately clear how the standoff be resolve . u.s. weather forecaster say hurricane wilma have strengthen to a powerful category and a key low - pressure indicate it be the most powerful storm of the year . 
congress have be discuss whether to renew some of the tax cut that be set to expire in the next few year . manila 's top negotiator say friday that talk with the islamic liberation front ( milf ) will begin in kuala lumpur on april 16 . inter bratislava 0 slovan bratislava 2 vanuatu be an archipelago of some 80 island locate about " 2 kilometer off the northeast coast of australia . paul sisco report . 
a pentagon spokesman say the military be work with the u.s. justice department to release uncensored transcript of military tribunal hearing at guantanamo by a court - order deadline of march 3 . the sole dissent justice " levy " say the plan should be cancel . a doctor say it be too early to say whether popov , the only man to retain the olympic 50 and 100 metre title , would return to top - level sport . a delegation of taiwan 's main opposition party visit mainland china have pay tribute to a group of chinese revolutionary . the attack prompt scandinavian monitor oversee sri lanka 's truce with tamil tiger rebel to warn of " irreparable deterioration " of security in the island nation . 
croatian prime minister ivo sanader attend the event . he be respond to question about escalate trouble with israel " include speculation of an israeli attack on iranian nuclear facility . in colorado - a mountainous state where heavy snow be common - the storm shut down not just the airport but several major highway and postal delivery . india 's commerce minister kamal say implementation of the accord will benefit the entire region - a home to 1.5 billion people . in a speech to the leadership council of the rule national congress party " mr. bashir say saturday the sudanese justice system be competent and honest enough to try any war crime suspect . 
the joint venture between america online ( aol ) and ag have form a new company to sell advertising space on aol in europe , a official say on tuesday . one of the defendant on trial for conspiracy in the assassination of reformist serbian prime minister djindjic have implicate the leader 's former deputy in the plot . italian police have arrest 40 people link to islamic group in nationwide raid as part of a security crackdown . mary j. " jamie " and jennifer hudson be among the winner at the 21st annual soul train music award " hold march 10 in " california . montreal 1996 - 08 - 28 
cite " a general in the demand for office product in the market segment in which compete . " the strike come a day after a missile attack in the same area kill at least five people . last year " four storm devastate haiti " kill hundred of people and wipe out 15 percent of the country 's economic output . somalia have be without an effective central government since 1991 " when warlord overthrow former president mohamed siad barre . 7 . ingrid haringa ( netherlands ) 20 
oil price on the new york mercantile exchange rise to $ " up from about $ 49 on thursday . authority say they pick up savic in the southeastern town of visegrad . pakistan have be shake by demonstration since president pervez musharraf remove chief justice iftikhar mohammed chaudhry from office on march 9 . operate loss 286 million vs loss 48 million a military plane carry the journalist " reporter marie - ion " cameraman " and newspaper reporter eduard " return home monday from baghdad . 
the white house say u.s. president george bush will travel to europe next month to strengthen the trans - atlantic partnership between the u.s. and european nation . seoul 's unification ministry say five people be allow to cross " include four foreigner and a bride - to - be . but her political party have suggest that ms. bhutto 's political opponent may have play a role in the plot . -docstart- as part of that effort " the geneva - base u.n. body have revise its international regulation to help country identify and respond earlier to health challenge . 
the u.s. team be sixth " with france down two position in seventh place . the organization say wednesday that those accuse -- include seven of the nine candidate who run against the country 's authoritarian leader -- face up to 15 year in prison if convict . the sri lankan foreign ministry say in a statement : " the united state government with the current sri lanka be face . " greek president sign a decree on thursday order the dissolution of the parliament ahead of snap election on september 22 . the ingredient " call " be extract from a plant primarily grow in china . 
the taliban say the attack wednesday be the first step of a plan aim at disrupt the vote " in which incumbent president hamid karzai be face off against former foreign minister abdullah abdullah . but the police chief blame baluch tribal militant who have step up their insurgency seek great autonomy and more compensation for the region 's gas and other natural resource . speak to a conservative policy institute " the manhattan institute " in new york " cheney say the practice be a wartime measure " limited in scope and fully consistent with both the president 's legal power and americans ' civil liberty . u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice have arrive in haiti for a one - day visit aim at show u.s. support for election schedule there for november . 81 seiki okuda ( japan ) 
separately " iraqi prime minister nouri al - maliki tuesday order iraqi security force to work hard to find a kidnap catholic archbishop . thursday " federal investigator announce the threat turn out to be a hoax . the court reject sieg 's argument that lauck 's extradition from denmark , where he be arrest in march last year at the request of german authority , be illegal . health ministry official in indonesia and egypt also announce new human fatality from bird flu today . the federation council adopt the measure wednesday by vote to one " with two abstention . 
the group increasingly have use suicide attack and roadside bomb blast since u.s .- lead force oust it from power in the late 2001 . he be succeed by his vice - president " gloria - arroyo " in january 2001 after estrada 's stormy impeachment trial on corruption charge break down and another " people power " movement ( " 2 " ) demand his resignation . in the old day man use to worship stock and stone and idol " and pray to them to give them luck . president hu congratulate the hong kong leader on become a member . the newspaper say 's legal action be the first aggressive effort make by the oil company 's investor to be compensate for loss incur as share price have plummet since last year . 
the associated press quote venezuelan president hugo chavez as say the patrol boat in particular will help in the fight against drug traffic . the money will be use by poor country to set up prevention program . nante 4 0 1 3 2 6 1 chilean authority have free on bail the wife and four adult child of former dictator augusto pinochet " a day after they be detain on tax evasion charge . the 26-year - old o'brien , who win the atp tour stop in new haven last week , have now win 18 of his last 20 match , date back to qualify round in los angele in late july . 
an italian reporter hold hostage by the taleban in afghanistan have appear speak in a video receive by a non - governmental relief agency . in his native poland " people in the pope 's hometown of fall to their knee and at the end of a special mass in the church where he worship as a boy . the individual name , however , now must decide whether to accept lloyd 's settlement offer or reject the offer and pursue litigation . but presidential rival " pro - russian prime minister viktor yanukovych " call the parliamentary vote illegal . orthodox scholar say take the relic to rome after sack constantinople in . 
milan martic be accuse of murder " torture and ethnic of croat and muslims in croatia and bosnia - herzegovina . russia have severely disabled a chechen rebel movement " although violence still occur throughout the north caucasus . the unnamed suspect leave the british colony after be detain and then free by the independent commission against corruption ( icac ) , the radio say . mr. bush express concern that nato ally may tire of what he call the hard work of secure afghanistan and may want to withdraw . investigator say tuesday they find a large amount of suspicious material in a north london apartment connect to one of the four want suspect . 
north korea say it have ask the united nation to end all humanitarian aid to the country by the end of the year . the white house be hail an upcom israeli - palestinian summit in egypt " call it an encourage step that show both side want to seize the opportunity for peace . they have arrive in the country for a schedule visit . washington and the european union accuse tehran of secret effort to develop atomic weapon . hiddink do not name a replacement captain for danny blind , who announce his retirement from international soccer on sunday . 
iraqi say at least 10 people be kill in a suicide car bomb attack on a police academy south of baghdad . the indian prime minister call mr. obama a leader who have give hope to all of " the oppressed people " of the world . - 1 justin leonard through 3 8 - nathalie tauziat ( france ) beat - ting wang ( taiwan ) 6 - 4 in bombay " india 's financial and entertainment capital " many low - lie area be flood . 
one day in the great rage he go to the wooden god " and with one blow sweep it down from its . + 2 clarence rose through 9 italian official cite lack of radar at axum 's airport and be await clear weather . russian president vladimir putin have call the presence of a missile defense system so close to russia 's border a threat to its security . they say the second explosion happen in a market in addis ababa " but no injury be report there . 
they increase their to 4 - 0 in the third when barry draw a one - out walk , kevin mitchell single and davis launch his 22nd homer over the right - field wall . military official say friday the commander of marine corps force ( central command ) decide not to bring criminal charge against officer involve in the march 2007 operation . police say personal rivalry may have be the motive behind his kill . palestinian faction have agree to extend an open - truce with israel in exchange for a halt to israeli attack and the release of prisoner . interim prime minister surayud thursday reaffirm plan for the army - lead government to finish its work in one year . 
evelyn leopold 12 . olivier panis ( france ) ligi the official say a senior maoist leader be among those kill in the clash " some 400 kilometer south of the state capital " hyderabad . -- colombo newsroom tel 941 - " we be disappointed with the administrator 's decision but we continue to be optimistic regard an ultimate favorable resolution , " mark , chief executive officer , say in a statement . 
that message coincide with the sixth anniversary of the september 11 " 2001 " terrorist attack on the united state . oil price fall even though opec ( the organization of petroleum export country ) member say friday they would cut production by more than five percent ( 1.5 million barrel per day ) . some economist say cyclone damage to burma 's key rice - grow area may cut supply of the key food and lead to a further increase in global rice price . bourlet say between 300 and 400 paedophile video tape have be seize , some of which feature dutroux . speak in ramallah sunday " mr. abbas say team from the two side would hold talk on issue include the status of jerusalem " palestinian refugee and the border of the future palestinian state . 
cite economic reason " the united state have not sign the protocol . he have deny the allegation . venezuelan president hugo chavez " a close political ally to mr. castro " say sunday he have learn the cuban leader be able to get out of bed and hold conversation . the manager of pakistan 's railway system have rule out sabotage as a cause . official from russian 's lukoil company and venezuela 's state - own pdvsa oil company sign a memorandum of understand on a joint oil exploration venture in venezuela . 
after a delay open , the stock be off 1 - 1/2 to 18 - 7/8 . mehrtens play in the last test in cape town but miss the first two test in the current series after tear a in his knee while training , an injury which need a small operation . taliban spokesman tell the french news agency a patrol confront the " christian missionary and we kill them all . " previous actual in france " president jacque chirac be urge people not to panic after confirmation of the deadly strain of bird flu at a turkey farm near lyon . 
also thursday " the israeli army announce that defense minister shaul mofaz decide to stop the controversial practice of destroy the family home of palestinians suspect of carry out suicide attack against israeli target . german veterinary official tuesday confirm 22 new case of flu in bird on the island of ruegen " bring the total in the country to 103 . the united nation - coordinate effort include " 16 u.s. force " " 16 indian troop and 350 australian military personnel . the summer olympic games could prove the win ticket for foreign brand seek access to china 's lucrative consumer market . the prime minister say he will resign if indict . 
- prolific french composer bear . -docstart- the former prime minister file a number of complaint to the high court allege massive fraud . say it may develop pork production system that provide farmer with large integrate unit , and it may consider contract program between producer and which would operate within the exist hog market framework . pakistan 
the storm stretch as far north as minnesota " along the canadian border " to texas in the south . final result from all 18 province be not expect for another week . mutola look threaten in the final 200 metre but the russian find an extra gear to power home several stride ahead , point at the time on the clock with as she cross the line . vogts pick no new player for the squad for the september 4 game in . dutroux say they starve to death nine month later . 
she be the 83rd indonesian to have die of the virus . in part " spain hop to increase export to reduce its trade with china . they attend church " light ceremonial candle " and sing hymn to commemorate god 's come to earth in the form of a man . two civil right group recently sue defense secretary donald rumsfeld " say he approve a list of rough interrogation technique and do nothing to stop the abuse of prisoner once he learn about it . but takeda find one more of power to just take the flag first with haga second and yoshikawa third . 
general barno say he expect a small hard - core remnant of the taleban to continue fight even as the group 's military strength fade away . senator barbara " of the state of maryland also say mr. bush should fire all those involve in the leak of the cia officer 's name . the catholic information office say the spla in the kenyan capital have attribute the detention of the six to a local commander and have promise they would be free by august 23 . london 1996 - 08 - 23 on tuesday " civil service worker stag a one - day strike and hold march in cape town and pretoria . 
the u.s. state department have label al - qaida - inspire fatah al - islam a terrorist organization . they say the judge " rauf abdel rahman " be biased against the defendant . the argentine senate have narrowly reject a controversial grain export tax increase that have spark a deep political crisis in the country . franz speak monday after the social democrats ' executive committee name a left - wing party member to run for party general secretary " reject mr. 's choose candidate . diego ( spain ) 69 63 
the sudanese army have not comment . -docstart- coetzer , rank 17th , avenge her defeat to huber in the australian open semifinal by win 6 - 1 2 - 6 6 - 2 . lead result and overall standing after the 195 kilometre second stage of the tour of the netherlands between haarlem and almere on wednesday . official say soldier shoot and kill two suspect tamil tiger rebel during a search operation in the city of batticaloa early monday . 
the jordan - base legal team say in a statement saturday the man attack saddam as he stand to leave the courtroom " and the two exchange blow . last november , south korea - base lg electronic inc. buy a majority stake in zenith . * mr. bush say in his saturday radio address saturday that mr. maliki tell him partition the country would lead to more sectarian violence . meanwhile " jerry adams " the leader of the ira 's political arm " sinn fein " express doubt whether mr. be ready for agreement . 
the geneva - base human right commission call on khartoum to disarm arab militia that have be terrorize villager in darfur " and to bring to justice all those involve in human - right violation . but the administration of president alvaro uribe have show no willingness to make such a swap . mr. clinton and mr. bellerive " who be the co - chair of the interim haiti reconstruction commission " say that so far only 10 percent of the $ 5.3 billion pledge by government to haiti have be disburse to the haitian government . grimsby 3 0 1 2 4 7 1 spain and china also reach an extradition accord . 
scott ( 8 - 10 ) labour to his third straight win . the island of anguilla rebel and be allow to secede in 1971 . in an opinion piece publish wednesday in the new york times " mr. annan again urge the donor to immediately convert their pledge to cash . the illinois senator say there would be requirement to receive the tax credit " include 100 hour of community service . these advance " as well as a government subsidize " reduce work hour scheme " help explain the relatively modest increase in unemployment during the 2008 - 9 recession - the deep since world war ii - and its decrease to 7.4 % in 2010 . 
mr. ackerman already be seek to oust mr. as chairman of corp. " an affiliate . international donor have pledge an additional $ million in assistance for earthquake relief effort in pakistan . the rule front for the liberation of mozambique ( ) party formally abandon in 1989 " and a new constitution the follow year provide for multiparty election and a free market economy . -docstart- the conflict begin when spain pull out of the territory in 1975 . 
last year 's wimbledon junior champion , aleksandra olsza of poland , remove another seed from the draw by eliminate number 12 magdalena maleeva of bulgaria 6 - 4 6 - 2 . earlier this month " four suicide bomber strike a provincial council office in kandahar " kill 13 people . gunman in iraqi army uniform kidnap the iranian diplomat on sunday . a russian spacecraft carry an american space tourist and two cosmonaut have dock with the international space station . nearly " 30 people have be kill since the campaign begin . 
he have promise to restore stability to somalia " wrack by clan violence and lawlessness follow the overthrow of the government 13 year ago . a career diplomat " he participate in the camp david peace talk between israel and egypt in 1978 . guinea 's president , conte , vice - president of the organisation of the islamic conference , leave for kuwait on august 16 to prepare the next oic summit in pakistan in 1997 . grant ( south africa ) vs. guy forget ( france ) lose , goal for , against , point ) : 
italian troop have begin arrive in lebanon to boost a united nation peacekeeping mission . north korea say the prisoner be subject to physical and mental torture " and hold in solitary confinement for refuse to renounce their ideology . -docstart- before leave cuba " he be expect to meet with cuban foreign minister felipe perez roque and vice president carlos lage . israeli force have hand over control of some checkpoint around the town of jericho to palestinian security force " but a last - minute legal hitch apparently have stall the formal transfer . 
cotton be the main cash crop . a spokesman in baghdad friday say u.s .- lead troop kill 50 insurgent during the six - day operation along the syrian border . professor tom lodge of the university of the , say : tranmere 3 grimsby 2 ambassador robert , an american , head the osce mission in bosnia . 
ethnic uzbek form a substantial minority in tajikistan . to put the blame on someone else be double . the prince hold the post for a year - and - a - half " succeed prince bandar bin sultan " who leave for personal reason after 22 year on the job . president bush introduce mr. gonzales " the country 's first hispanic attorney general " at a ceremony in washington d.c. monday . -docstart- 
this week " a dutch court reject a turkish extradition request for kurdish party activist " whom turkey accuse of plan attack . pope benedict xvi have receive top official of the world jewish congress " who press concern about threat from iran and urge the pontiff to pursue dialogue with moderate muslims . palestinian medic say israeli fire kill 3 palestinian civilian thursday " include a - old woman . the tibetan spiritual leader who teach age - old principle of peace and tolerance have go high - tech " join the online message service twitter . meanwhile " the u.s. military say two american soldier be kill and another two be wound in separate roadside bombing north of baghdad . 
hamas militant take control of the gaza strip nearly two month ago after a week of deadly street battle with fatah . in a bbc television interview broadcast monday " top nepali communist leader prachanda say king gyanendra " who seize total power a year ago " have not leave any room for compromise . iraqi official say the attack be aim at police patrol in baghdad . this make it the bad outbreak of the ebola - like virus since 123 people die in the neighboring democratic republic of congo between 1998 and 2000 . when they arrive to investigate , police see people escape from the back door so they decide to search the house . 
state department spokesman " sean mccormack say thursday the court 's decision be a setback for human right in egypt . researcher believe wild bird from the region may have carry bird flu along migratory path to europe . note - & taylor make co ltd manufacture golf club and sell ski equipment . organizer in beijing have push for the move " say a number of disease be in the chinese capital . official allege that khan act as a link between top al - qaida leader and the organization ' operational cell . 
former khmer rouge fighter abduct christopher howes of bristol " england " and his interpreter huot along with other member of a team remove land mine near cambodia 's temple in 1996 . the incident come one day after afghan police kill two suspect taleban fighter " include a taleban commander " during a gunbattle in the same province . the h5n2 strain of avian flu be not know to pass from bird to human " unlike the h5n1 strain that have kill nearly 70 people in southeast asia since 2003 . her body be find thursday " the same day another woman be rap " beat and leave for dead in the middle of a street . parliament choose the president and two vice president . 
ambassador christopher dell be reportedly detain for about 30 minute monday after approach a restrict security area in the national near the president 's official harare residence . sao tome and principe benefit from $ 200 million in debt relief in december 2000 under the highly indebted poor country ( hipc ) program " which help bring down the country 's $ 300 million debt burden . they want to get a weight off their conscience , " a police spokesman say . afghan authority say at least two taleban insurgent have be kill and six other capture " while two afghan soldier and a civilian be wound in separate incident . -docstart- 
under international law " britain must seek guarantee that will not face torture or the death penalty before expel them . both country be emerge from bloody civil war that ruin much of their infrastructure . u.s. and afghan official have warn they expect an increase in taleban attack in the come month . 2 . marcus gronholm ( finland ) toyota celica the announcement come three day after president hosni mubarak say egypt should create a nuclear program for peaceful use . 
major general rodrigo say wednesday rescuer find julia campbell 's body partially bury near the northern mountain town of . the organization of american state have agree to oversee venezuela 's upcom congressional election on december 4 . u.s. and afghan official say a number of american and afghan troop be wound in the powerful blast . during a visit to hungary tuesday " mr. putin say it be quite possible to reach agreement on moscow 's proposal to enrich uranium on russian soil for iran 's nuclear energy need . the match will be play during the first two week of january at lisbon 's " 65 seat stadium of light . 
vatican authority say in january there be no clear proof that wielgus ' action harm anyone . israel have re - open a key gaza border cross " ahead of an israeli - palestinian summit set for tuesday in egypt . chris hit his 22nd homer for baltimore . the pkk often use base in northern iraq in its fight for autonomy or independence in southeast turkey . the ban be contain in an amendment slip into a foreign aid funding bill for next year that have not yet be debate in the senate . 
-docstart- russian official and news report say mr. putin dismiss the government wednesday after prime minister mikhail offer his resignation . sampras avenge that defeat with a straight set win over the 19-year - old power hitter in the second round at wimbledon and their rubber match in new york could provide some first - week firework . witness say the dead include eight policeman and one civilian . the follow table show cargo ag second quarter 1996 result , base on figure publish by deutsche ag in - house newspaper 
world vision australia chief tim costello say the situation in iraq be too dangerous for its staff to remain . the astros trail 5 - 0 after three inning , but score three run in the fourth and one in the sixth before take the lead in the eighth . mr. calderon tell supporter in an open air in mexico city sunday that he will work to create job " cut crime and fight poverty . and erosion " aggravate by the use of firewood as the primary source of fuel " be serious concern . britain 's queen elizabeth send a special radio message to her troop serve around the world express pride and gratitude . 
